# Git-Wizzy
 
## Overview

`Git-Wizzy` or `Wizzy` for friends is a simple utility that can restores files from an internal cache.

### Scenario

Imagine you are working in a team on a project and you are using git.
You have a bunch of configuration files you have to commit but in a `fake` state.
See this example related to [ruby on rails](https://github.com/rails/rails) :

```ruby
  my_important_project: &my_important_project
    adapter: mysql2
    encoding: utf8
    reconnect: false
    pool: 5
    username: i_dont_want_to_tell_you_my_username
    password: and_neither_my_password
    socket: /var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock
```
.. and then you have your local copy with 'real' values.
Each time you commit/pull to this repo you have to stash or checkout your real files and merging is painful!

### Solution

```bash
  wizzy fix
```
Yep. It's simple

## Requirements

- [Clint](https://github.com/kennethreitz/clint) and [PyYaml](http://pyyaml.org/)
- Git
- Python [better if >= 2.6 ]
- You must be a wizard 
 
## Installation

- Install pyyaml

```bash
  pip install pyyaml
```
- Install clint

```bash
  pip install clint
```

- Clone the repository

- Run this command. This will run wizzy executable and also add the alias to your .bashrc

```bash
  chmod +x wizzy ; echo 'alias wizzy="./wizzy "' >> ~/.bashrc && . ~/.bashrc
```

- Copy `wizzy` and `wizzy_config.yml`in your project folder

- Open your `wizzy_config.yml` file and tell him what are the files you want to be magic. Check out this example 

```yml
  ...
  files: [config/*.yml, config/initializers/secret_token.rb]
  wizzy_cache_directory: .wizzy
  wizzy_directory: .
  wizzy_remote: false
```
## Usage

### First Time

- You should add all the wizzy files to the .gitignore . Just run this command
  
```bash
  echo -e 'wizzy \nwizzy_config.yml' >> .gitignore
```

- Install wizzy
  `wizzy install`

### All the times

- Each time you need to restore files just type 
`wizzy fix`

- If you want to create the cache just type
`wizzy install`

- Do you want to track/untrack your restored files ?
`wizzy track` or `wizzy untrack`

- Do you want to track a new file ? You could modify the wizzy_config.yml .. or just type
`wizzy add <file>`

- Do you want to untrack a old file ? You could modify the wizzy_config.yml .. or just type
`wizzy remove <file>`

- Do you want to check if you screwed the configuration of wizzy? of if you added an phantom file?
`wizzy check`

- Of course what is better than a doctor when wizzy is sick?
`wizzy doctor`

- Do you want the list of all files wizzy tracks ?
`wizzy list`

- Don't remember a spell?
`wizzy help`

## Support

- Bugs? Issues? use the [system tracker](https://github.com/dbraga/git-wizzy/issues) 
- Suggestions? [email me](mailto:damiano.braga@gmail.com)
- [Fork](https://github.com/dbraga/git-wizzy/fork) it, make it better and send me a pull request!
 
## Author
 
This product was developed by [*Damiano Braga*](https://github.com/dbraga).